Update README, add support for pusher compatible broadcasters (#10)
ably/laravel-broadcaster: README.md

## Features
- Native ably-js support.
- Low latency for client-events.
- Update channel permissions for each user.

> - Update token expirty.

Reviewer: Can we fix this typo in this PR pls (expirty)

> - Disable public channels.

Reviewer: It's not totally clear from this line what the benefit of disabling public channels is or why someone would need it, can we add some more detail?

Author: It's because by default anyone can subscribe to public channels. That means we are giving non-authenticated users permission to listen to the data. Applications with high-security architecture wouldn't want public channels to be available to guest users.

- Fully compatible with pusher/pusher-compatible broadcasters, see [migrating section](#migrating-from-pusherpusher-compatible-broadcasters).

> - Integration tested using [ably sandbox](https://github.com/ably-forks/laravel-echo/tree/master/tests/ably).

Reviewer: I don't think this is a feature, I think I would prefer to just remove this line

Author: Removed

    }
});
```

> You can set additional ably-specific [clientOptions](https://ably.com/docs/api/realtime-sdk?lang=javascript#client-options) when creating an `Echo` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set additional ably-js [client options](https://ably.com/docs/api/realtime-sdk?lang=javascript#client-options) when creating an `Echo` instance.
```

- Update `ably` section under `config/broadcasting.php` with `'token_expiry' => env('ABLY_TOKEN_EXPIRY', 3600)`

<a name="migrate-pusher-to-ably"></a>
## Migrating from pusher/pusher-compatible broadcasters

> - The current Ably broadcaster is fully compatible with the [pusher](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/broadcasting#pusher-channels), [old AblyBroadcaster](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/broadcasting#ably) and [pusher compatible open source broadcasters](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/broadcasting#open-source-alternatives).

Reviewer 2: Is the official name of the broadcaster `AblyBroadcaster` or Ably broadcaster? I think we should stick to a single naming convention.

Author: Fixed
